Dear All,
 
I am always a firm believer of destiny, but whatever you get in your life is because of your hard work and decisions that you make. I am glad that I took a courageous decision to join HP.
 
If I hadn’t I would have missed once in a lifetime experience of meeting so many wonderful individuals and to build both personal and professional relationships. The time flies so quickly before I could realize it. This eventful and joyous journey in HP has already crossed an year and proved to be another stepping stone for my career.
 
Finally, the day has come when I have to say goodbye to you all. 
 
I would like to acknowledge all my colleagues and everyone, that I have come across in past one year for the patience and faith they have shown in me during my stint here. I got such a great opportunity to know you all (I would say majority). I will remember you lifelong for all the fun filled challenging times we have had. I would also like to apologize from bottom of my heart if I ever un-intentionally or disappointed you in any manner. If you ever enjoyed my company – trust me, it was sheer pleasure spending time with you. 
 
As I venture into the next professional journey,  I won’t be going alone for sure. I am taking a decent amount of knowledge and great memories. I am confident that I have grown as a human being in last couple of years be it emotionally, professionally and personally which is going to help me identify my goals in a better way.
 
Finally …Thank you HP TS R&D for providing me a great platform so that I go to my next milestone in life. I wish everyone success in all the endeavors and challenges you take up.

May you all continue with the good work and great team spirit that grow stronger than ever. 

I would be glad to stay in touch with you all so please feel free to drop me an e-mail to keep in touch… 

I will be in the office for some more time… but otherwise, it’s time to say..

Adieu, adieu to you and everyone...

Until we meet again … ? !!!!!!  Feel free to contact me, here are my details:

 

Email at raviusit@gmail.com 
On Cellphone - +91-8884692408 
Connect with me on Linkedin - in.linkedin.com/pub/ravi-maurya/14/80/8a3/ 
Or on social network - Facebook - www.facebook.com/#!/ravimaurya


Ravi Maurya
DevOps -TS R&D
Hewlett-Packard Company, India

Last working Day – 9th Oct 2015  
